Open Letter To Burlington Police Chief Michael Schirling:

You may have been a bit surprised at the icy/hot reception you got at Black
lives matter in Burlington. Well, a lot of us are tired of saying yes sir, no
sir to police officers to avoid a ticket, a citation or worse. Right now we
are angry at US cops who are killing black men and women right and left and 
referring to their bankrupted policies that say it is "Justifyable".
We don't want to hear about it. We did not want a dialog. We wanted you to 
listen. We did not want a sugarcoated polite PR speech.

If you are well meaning. A lot of people feel you are. It's time for you to 
internalize and understand that you and your police department is an agent and
enforcer of white supremacy and capitalism in this country despite any flowery
fine sentiments you may have. Since the passage of the anti-panhandling laws, 
the color of the street life on Church street has paled considerably. Unlike
your sensitive upper class constituants i find this patently racist and 
offensive. Your department enforced this bit of Vermont Jim Crow.

You, fine well educated officer stood behind your officer who brutally 
straddled a man on the ground and punched him in the head repeatedly in the 
head again and again for "resisting" while he was face down while on film. We
are not that stupid. You love your fellow officers and enjoy hanging with your 
boys but that's despicable. I won't go do a level of genteel politeness with
that. Nope.

...And no, I won't let you forget that you justified your officer shooting 
dead a mentally ill man whose mother called your officers for help. If you have
a heart or a conscience than man will be your albatross til you repent and atone
for your part in that slaughter. I have talked to people on the street. Some of
the people who now don't panhandle on Church street due to the panhandling law
and they warned me about that officer before he killed.

And to top all of this off - you should have started off admitting that the
Vermont police have a problem with racial bias. Then ***YOU**** should have 
listened. It was intensely arrogant of you to accuse any of us of not wanting
dialog. It was not time for dialog. It was time for you to listen to our anger
and our pain. The pain you and your officers have caused.


